Adding descriptions and titles on user documents (1/3) (#10077)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_workerless.md

---
title: Workerless Shoot

> description: `spec.Provider.Workers` being empty defines a Workerless Shoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: What is a Workerless Shoot and how to create one
```
The description should give an idea what is described in the topic instead of summarizing it or giving concrete details. If you feel that my suggestion does not add additional value, we can work on a different description.

Author: The idea behind using concrete yaml paths is that by browser searching it in a page it provides a high accuracy for relevant sentences especially in bigger files. Therefore I view it as providing high value for searching information of interest.

Reviewer: Alright. Let us keep it, in that case.

Reviewer 2: For the particular case I doubt that someone will search for `spec.provider.workers` with intention to find docs for workerless Shoot. So, in general I can understand the idea for using field names to improve the search but in that particular case I definitely vote for the Niki's suggestion.

Author: I agree. When I read the document it was not obvious how to make any shoot workerless (a local example was given and a concrete condition was missing)
